[PROF-11400] Add Windows .PDB debug files support (#1547)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/pe-symbols/README.md

## Overview

Upload Windows PE debug info files to Datadog to symbolicate your profiles.

## Setup

You need to have `DATADOG_API_KEY` in your environment.

```bash
# Environment setup
export DATADOG_API_KEY="<API KEY>"
```

> You can configure the tool to use Datadog EU by defining the `DATADOG_SITE` environment variable as `datadoghq.eu`. By default, the requests are sent to Datadog US.

Reviewer: Can customers use the other sites too, or is it just US1 and EU?

Reviewer 2: This is the same wording as [3 other commands](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3ADataDog%2Fdatadog-ci%20%22You%20can%20configure%20the%20tool%20to%20use%20Datadog%20EU%20by%20defining%22&type=code), and I agree it's misleading. The point we want to make is that by default, the requests are sent to US1. And to change that, you can set the `DATADOG_SITE` to anything [in this table](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/#access-the-datadog-site).

I'm already planning to change this globally in [this branch](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/compare/corentin.girard/SYNTH-11863/inconsistent-use-of-env-vars): [link to a modified README](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/blob/corentin.girard/SYNTH-11863/inconsistent-use-of-env-vars/src/commands/elf-symbols/README.md).

To make these variables available, Datadog recommends setting them in an encrypted `datadog-ci.json` file at the root of your project:

```json
{
  "apiKey": "<DATADOG_API_KEY>",
  "datadogSite": "<DATADOG_SITE>"
}
```

To override the full URL for the intake endpoint, define the `DATADOG_SOURCEMAP_INTAKE_URL` environment variable.

## Commands

### `upload`

**Warning:** The `pe-symbols upload` command is in beta. It requires you to set `DD_BETA_COMMANDS_ENABLED=1`.

> This command will upload debug info from Windows PE files to Datadog in order to symbolicate your application's profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command uploads debug info from Windows PE files to Datadog in order to symbolicate your application's profiles.
```
Sorry, I missed this on the first pass. (The style guide for the Datadog public docs asks that we use present tense always.)

Run the following command to upload all the necessary files:

```bash
DD_BETA_COMMANDS_ENABLED=1 datadog-ci pe-symbols upload ~/your/build/bin/
```

> If location is a directory, command will scan it recursively looking for PE files, and for each PE file, it will upload the corresponding .PDB file to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the location is a directory, the command scans it recursively looking for PE files. For each PE file, it uploads the corresponding .PDB file to Datadog.
```

> If location is a file, command will upload the corresponding .PDB file to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the location is a file, the command uploads the corresponding .PDB file to Datadog.
```
